
#                  scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling                  #

```scala
class DefaultSignalling extends Signalling with VolatileAbort
```

This signalling implementation returns default values and ignores received
signals.

* Source
  * [Signalling.scala](https://github.com/scala/scala/tree/6d09a1ba5f/src/library/scala/collection/generic/Signalling.scala#L1)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Instance Constructors From scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### `new DefaultSignalling()`                                                ###

(defined at scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Value Members From scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### `def setIndexFlag(f: Int): Unit`                                         ###

Sets the value of the index flag.

The index flag holds an integer which carries some operation-specific meaning.
For instance, `takeWhile` operation sets the index flag to the position of the
element where the predicate fails. Other workers may check this index against
the indices they are working on and return if this index is smaller than their
index. Examples of operations using this are `takeWhile` , `dropWhile` , `span`
and `indexOf` .

* f
  * the value to which the index flag is set.

* Definition Classes
  * DefaultSignalling → Signalling

(defined at scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling)


### `def setIndexFlagIfGreater(f: Int): Unit`                                ###

Sets the value of the index flag if argument is greater than current value. This
method does this atomically.

The index flag holds an integer which carries some operation-specific meaning.
For instance, `takeWhile` operation sets the index flag to the position of the
element where the predicate fails. Other workers may check this index against
the indices they are working on and return if this index is smaller than their
index. Examples of operations using this are `takeWhile` , `dropWhile` , `span`
and `indexOf` .

* f
  * the value to which the index flag is set

* Definition Classes
  * DefaultSignalling → Signalling

(defined at scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling)


### `def setIndexFlagIfLesser(f: Int): Unit`                                 ###

Sets the value of the index flag if argument is lesser than current value. This
method does this atomically.

The index flag holds an integer which carries some operation-specific meaning.
For instance, `takeWhile` operation sets the index flag to the position of the
element where the predicate fails. Other workers may check this index against
the indices they are working on and return if this index is smaller than their
index. Examples of operations using this are `takeWhile` , `dropWhile` , `span`
and `indexOf` .

* f
  * the value to which the index flag is set

* Definition Classes
  * DefaultSignalling → Signalling
(defined at scala.collection.generic.DefaultSignalling)
